[docs] Update the maximize size  for env variables to match what is says on the EAS dashboard (#33338)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/environment-variables.mdx

## Limitations

> Environment variable value size is limited to 4 KiB for both string and file environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variable value size is limited to 32 KB for environment variables with secret visibility and 4 KB for other visibility types.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you!
